# Services

Novo Nordisk, the company behind the development of OpenStudyBuilder, does not directly provide services related to the tool. However, we actively support the user community through various channels such as meetings, Slack discussions, comprehensive documentation, and more, to facilitate the effective use of OpenStudyBuilder.

There are numerous companies and independent professionals who offer services related to OpenStudyBuilder. The following table provides an overview of some of these service providers. Please note that this list is neither a recommendation nor an exhaustive compilation of all available service providers. It is merely intended to give you a glimpse of the options at your disposal.

If you offer services related to OpenStudyBuilder and would like to be included in this list, please don't hesitate to contact us via Slack, email, or LinkedIn.

**Note:** When performing an OpenStudyBuilder proof of concept, you should get in touch with us to get a Neo4j Enterprise trial license, and understand deployment and licensing options regardless of service options.

| Company & Contact | Service Options |
| --- | --- |
| Neo4j<br>[openstudybuilder@neo4j.com](mailto:openstudybuilder@neo4j.com) | <ul><li>Deployment services (managed services ; consultancy)</li><li>Data Import and Engineering (customization of library data ; changes to the Neo4j data model)</li><li>API development</li><li>Staff augmentation for feature implementation</li><li>TAM (Technical Account Manager) for Neo4j (graph database layer) topics</li></ul>
EvidentIQ<br/>Marvin EDC & ePRO<br/>[info@evidentiq.com](mailto:info@evidentiq.com) | EvidentIQ has developed a proof of concept that integrates the ODM.xml file generated by OpenStudyBuilder into the Marvin EDC system.<br/>We can support with managed services:<br/><ul><li>Requirement Definition in OSB and Implementation</li><li>Project Management</li><li>Enhancement of ODM.xml file (e.g. adding conditional dynamics)</li><li>EDC/ eCRF setup</li><li>ePRO setup</li></ul>
Devote Consulting ApS / data4knowledge ApS<br/>[hello@devote-consulting.com](mailto:hello@devote-consulting.com)<br/>[info@data4knowledge.dk](mailto:info@data4knowledge.dk) | <ul><li>Organizational Change Management</li><li>SOP Impact Analysis & Implementation</li><li>Validation</li><li>Building Automated Digital Data Flow</li><li>Biomedical Concepts strategy and content</li><li>Usage of USDM in digital data flow</li><li>Project Management</li><li>Business Analysis</li></ul>
HealthTechPartners 42<br/>[pascal.bouquet@htp42.com](mailto:pascal.bouquet@htp42.com) | <ul><li>Building business case and value proposition</li><li>Building Meta data Governance</li><li>Building Clinical meta data strategy</li><li>OSB Deployment Services</li><li>OSB Integration architecture</li></ul>



